Introduce matching rule 'none' (#1976)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_4_common_schema.adoc

|Matching of the variables is based on the order of the terminal member variables.
An importer should connect terminals only if the number of member variables matches.

[[none,`none`]]
|`none`
|Matching of the variables is not intended by the creator of the FMU. 

> An importer may connect terminals based on the user's additional input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, an importer may still connect terminals based on additional information.
```
The additional information might come from anywhere. I think we don't mention "the user" anywhere else and should avoid it here too.
